# Metron AI: ArDaGen Datasets

Datasets generated by [Metron AI: ArDaGen](https://github.com/OndrejSzekely/metron_ai_ardagen) project.

## Dataset Codename Convention

Dataset names are encoded in following convention:

<h3 style="text-align: center">
    <span style="color:#F9895C;">U-<i>&ltuse_case_name&gt</i></span><span style="color:#65BCD8;">|<i>&ltdataset_name&gt</i>-</span><span span="color:#F8D643;">C<i>dd</i></span><span style="color:#545A5E;">F<i>dd</i></span><span style="color:#ef5350;">L<i>dd</i></span><span style="color:#8bc34a;">P<i>ddd</i></span> <!-- markdownlint-disable MD013-->
</h3>

:::{list-table} Dataset Codename Convention Explanation Table
:widths: auto
:align: center
:header-rows: 0

*   - <p style="color:#F9895C;">U-<i><use_case_name></i></p> <!-- markdownlint-disable MD004 MD007 MD030-->
    - Denotes use case/project name for which the datasets are generated. *<use_case_name>* is arbitrary string of any
    characters number.
*   - <p style="color:#65BCD8;">|<i><dataset_name></i>-</p>
    - Denotes dataset name. *<dataset_name>* is arbitrary string of any
    characters number.
*   - <p style="color:#F8D643;">C<i>dd</i></p>
    - Denotes dataset complexity level from the use case's task perspective. Therefore, there is no common definition,
    but it is use case specific. *dd* denotes **required** number of digits. *00* denotes the lowest complexity.
*   - <p style="color:#545A5E;">F<i>dd</i></p>
    - Denotes dataset sensors fidelity -e.g. camera sensor rendering quality or LiDAR physics laws correctness.
    There is no common definition, it is use case specific. *dd* denotes **required** number of digits.
    *00* denotes the lowest fidelity.
*   - <p style="color:#ef5350;">L<i>dd</i></p>
    - Denotes used labels setup. It can be specific sensor set or different output format.
    There is no common definition, it is use case specific. *dd* denotes **required** number of digits.
*   - <p style="color:#8bc34a;">P<i>dd</i></p>
    - Denotes dataset part. *dd* denotes **required** number of digits.

:::

Dataset name complying all rules could be **U-box|singleCam-C00F00L01P01**.

## Datasets Use

Run *Catalogue* container and mount `<ISAAC_SIM_PATH>/metron_ai_ardagen/conf/scenarios/` path to the container. Go
into the mounted folder inside the container and run:

```shell
dvc get https://github.com/OndrejSzekely/metron_ai_catalogue datasets/ardagen/<ARDAGEN_DATASET_NAME>
```

## Datasets Overview


